feat(terra): add devcontainer usage, clarify some stuff (#232)
FyraLabs/devdocs: pages/terra/contributing.mdx

### Preparation

#### Fedora/Ultramarine

- Install [Andaman] and its mock configs on your system 
  - `[1;32msudo dnf[97m install [0;97;mterra-mock-configs{:ansi}` via Terra
  - anda is also available via rust crates.io
  - If on an atomic system, this command works using podman: `podman run --rm --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN --privileged --volume ./:/anda --volume mock_cache:/var/lib/mock --workdir /anda ghcr.io/terrapkg/builder:frawhide anda`
- Fork the [Terra sources repo](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages), and then `git clone` your fork.

> - You are now ready for the Writing Sources section below.

Reviewer: link to this section

  
#### Dev Container

You can create, build, and push a package all from within our Dev Container.
This means you do NOT need to be running Fedora/Ultramarine to create a package.
You can run this devcontainer from Linux, macOS, or Windows.

> - Assuming you are using Visual Studio Code, Open Visual Studio Code and navigate to the Extensions menu located at the bottom of the left hand side bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're Visual Studio Code, open it and navigate to the Extensions menu located at the bottom of the left sidebar.
```

> - Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/). If on Linux, you will need to enable the service and restart your shell (reboot, logout, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/). If you're on Linux, you'll need to enable the service and reboot.
```

> - Fork the [Terra sources repo](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages), and then `git clone` your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork the [Terra sources repo](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages), and `git clone` your fork.
```

- Open this folder in Visual Studio Code (File -> Open Folder).
- It should prompt you to `reopen in Dev Container,` click this and wait for the Dev Container to open. If it doesn't prompt you, press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `P`, type `Reopen in Container`, and press `Enter`.
- You are now in the Terra Dev Container, and have all the packages and configuration necessary to start building packages!

> #### IDE/text editor language support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Language Support in Editors
```

The most common languages you will see:
- RPMSPEC (`.spec`), for the package build scripts
- rhai, for the auto-update scripts
- hcl, for informing `anda` of the package
- xml, for appstream metainfo on some packages

VSCode should prompt you to install these extensions, and Zed should auto-install them.
If not/using a different IDE, we suggest installing language support for each of these.

### Writing sources

> 1. Fork the [Terra sources repo](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages), and then `git clone` your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the [Terra sources repo](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages), and `git clone` your fork.
```

   - It is a custom file format for RPM packages.
   - This [RPM Packaging Guide] might help newbies with no prior experiences with RPM specs.
   - This [Spec file format] docs goes into the details of the spec file format.

>    - You could use `rust2rpm` for **Rust** packages.

Reviewer: "could" flows weird, try can or may

you may wanna try

You can use *2rpm tools like:
- rust2rpm
- go2rpm

instead

   - You could use `pyp2rpm` for **Python** packages.
   - You could use `go2rpm` for **Go** packages.

>    - else, find the source of the packages you are adding, preferably a URL to a `.tar.gz` archive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Otherwise, find the source of the packages you are adding, preferably a URL to a `.tar.gz` archive
```
this is not code

>    - multiple archives are ok

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Multiple archives are ok
```

>    - non `.tar.gz` archives are also ok, but might require additional build dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Non `.tar.gz` archives are also ok, but might require additional build dependencies
```

>    - we also prefer archives from git repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Archives from git repositories are preferred 
```

dependencies using `[1;32msudo dnf[97m builddep [0;97;mpath/to/pkgname.spec{:ansi}`!

- You don't need to create `pkg`. It's not supposed to exist, just needs to be at the end of the build command
- Modify the architecture to match your machine (`x86_64`, `i386`, `aarch64`)
- If needed (404 errors when building off `rawhide`, you can also modify the version it builds on (`43`, `42`, `el10`, etc.)
- If the package fails to build, fix your spec file accordingly
  - Usually the actual useful error message can be found before the Python traceback (from mock).
- The built RPM(s) will be inside `anda-build/`

## Done?

- Git commit and push; remember you must sign your commits!

> - Create a pull request that merges to the `frawhide` (effectivly the main) branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a pull request that merges to the `frawhide` branch, this is equivalent to main or master
```

dependencies using `[1;32msudo dnf[97m builddep [0;97;mpath/to/pkgname.spec{:ansi}`!

- You don't need to create `pkg`. It's not supposed to exist, just needs to be at the end of the build command
- Modify the architecture to match your machine (`x86_64`, `i386`, `aarch64`)

> - If needed (404 errors when buildong off `rawhide`, you can also modify the version it builds on (`43`, `43`, `el10`, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If needed (404 errors when building off `rawhide`, you can also modify the version it builds on (`43`, `42`, `el10`, etc.)
```
